feat(curriculum): add block 2 dialogs and tasks of the B1 course of the English Curriculum (#57471)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-talk-about-past-experiences/675060b39af6ab3f14f394e2.md

---
id: 675060b39af6ab3f14f394e2
title: Task 39
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-39
---

<!-- (Audio) Lisa: Did anything else come up while you were debugging? James: Not really. Everything else was running smoothly once the database issue was fixed. -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and answer the question below.

# --questions--

## --text--

What does James mean by his answer?

## --answers--

He means several major issues appeared after fixing the database.

### --feedback--

James says, `Not really`, meaning there were no significant issues after the database was fixed.

---

He means the database issue is still unresolved.

### --feedback--

James mentions that the database issue was fixed and everything else was running smoothly afterwards.

---

He means debugging was stressful the whole time.

### --feedback--

James mentions that things ran smoothly once the database issue was resolved, implying the stress decreased.

---

He means there were no significant issues after fixing the database.

## --video-solution--

4

# --explanation--

> James means that the situation improved right after the database issue was resolved. He uses the phrase `Not really` to indicate that no major issues occurred, though there may have been minor or insignificant ones. This phrase is often used to soften a negative response. Example: - `Did you enjoy the movie?` - `Not really. It was too slow.`  (this means you did not like the movie much - there could have been some good parts in it, but you disliked it overall)
> 
> The word `smoothly` is an adverb meaning without problems or interruptions. Example: - `The meeting went smoothly after everyone arrived on time.` (this means everything was ok at the meeting)
> 
> While `smoothly` (adverb) describes how an action is performed, `smooth` (adjective) describes a state or quality. Example: - `The surface of the table is smooth.` (meaning there were no inconsistencies in the surface)
> 
> In the context of this dialog, `once` means the same as `as soon as` or `after`, indicating that everything ran smoothly after the database was fixed. Example: - `Once the updates were installed, the system worked perfectly.` (this means that the system worked after the updates were installed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
James means that the situation improved right after the database issue was resolved. He uses `Not really` to indicate that no major issues occurred, though there may have been minor or insignificant ones. This phrase is often used to soften a negative response. For example: 

Person 1: `Did you enjoy the movie?` 

Person 2: `Not really. It was too slow.` - This means you did not like the movie much.

`Smoothly` is an adverb meaning without problems or interruptions. While `smoothly` (adverb) describes how an action is performed, `smooth` (adjective) describes a state or quality. For example:

`The meeting went smoothly after everyone arrived on time.` - This means everything was ok at the meeting.

`The surface of the table is smooth.` - Meaning there were no inconsistencies in the surface.

`Once` means the same as `as soon as` or `after`, indicating that everything ran smoothly after the database was fixed. For example: - `Once the updates were installed, the system worked perfectly.` (this means that the system worked after the updates were installed)
```
